# Welcome in a quiz test

I am learning Flutter so this is my template project!

## Shortcut

If you digit s on keyboard on your dart page you can select the type your boilerplate widget!

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

Do you want to hel me? I give you a few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.


## ⚠️ Serialization and deserialization of objects in JSON format

In Dart, the json_serializable package is often used for handling JSON files, which allows for easy serialization and deserialization of Dart objects in JSON format. When using this package, it is necessary to create two files for each JSON file being handled: the first file contains the definition of the corresponding Dart class for the JSON object, while the second file (which has the .g.dart extension) is automatically generated by the package and contains the code generated for the serialization and deserialization of the object.

The .g.dart file is generated using the build_runner tool when building the project, and contains the code generated by the json_serializable package for serialization and deserialization of the JSON object. This generated code is added to the source file of the corresponding Dart class, so that the toJson() and fromJson() methods can be used directly to convert the object to and from JSON format.

In practice, therefore, a Dart class is created to represent the JSON object, the json_serializable package is used to generate the necessary code for serialization/deserialization of the object, and the .g.dart file is imported into the source file of the class to use the generated code.

This practice allows for less code to be written and for more efficient handling of serialization and deserialization of JSON objects in Dart.

IT'S very important that when you modify a class ply in terminal this comand:

```sh
flutter pub run build_runner build
```

# TODO LIST:

- Centralize the theme
- Widely and controlled state of the widget for correct and incorrect answers
- Registration with selection of the soccer team
- Login

